It has been four years since the NLD government, which is headed by Aung San Suu Kyi's national adviser, was established. A general election will be held this fall.

The NLD administration has been working steadily on democratization, rule of law, economic transparency, infrastructure development, ethnic reconciliation and education. Over the past four years, many laws, including the Myanmar Investment Law, the Union Tax Law, the New Company Law, and the Intellectual Property Law, have been revised and enacted. It was. Last year, a business license was issued to a foreign insurance company. It was said that “it will not proceed slowly” due to the establishment of investment-related laws and the relaxation of foreign investment regulations, but it will become visible, and the transparency of the market will increase for overseas investors, and the business surrounding us Japanese companies The environment is improving.

On the other hand, according to the questionnaire of the members, the risks of investment environment include "imperfect infrastructure" such as electricity and roads, "opaque policy management of local government", and "unstable political and social situation".

“Undeveloped infrastructure” is being visibly improved by a support package launched by the Japanese government in 2016 (a total of ¥ 800 billion in the public and private sectors by 2020). For example, for the access to the Thilawa SEZ from the city of Yangon, the road widening and double track construction work was completed, and an opening ceremony was held in February of this year. The construction of the Bago Bridge is underway and improvements are being realized.

Regarding the “opaque policy management of local governments”, in the “Japan-Mussia Joint Initiative” (MJJI), in which the public and private representatives of both Japan and Japan discuss broadly the issues related to the business environment, etc. There is ongoing discussion about speeding up and simplification.

Regarding "unstable political / social conditions", in cooperation with the Japanese Embassy, ​​which has a close relationship with the Government of Myanmar, and government agencies, there is a system that can judge the situation based on facts even in difficult situations. Well-equipped is one of our strengths.

In response to the recent global spread of the new coronavirus, and because a general election is scheduled for November this year, we have continued to disseminate information so that Japanese companies can continue their business activities with peace of mind. I think that.